# Multiples of A and B

This repository contains code and tests for finding multiples of two numbers below a given goal.

The program has to search all multiples of A and B which are below the third number, print it 
out to screen and also write results to file which was given as the second command line argument.
Program should sort out output file by ascending order how many multiples certain row has.

# Project Structure
- `vala/multiples_of_a_and_b.py`: The main program file.
- `vala/input.txt`: Example input file (you can modify this).
- `vala/output.txt`: Example output file (generated by the program).
- `vala/tests/test_multiples_of_a_and_b.py`: The test file containing unit tests.

## How to Run the Program

1. Clone the repository:

    git clone https://github.com/jukkasale/vala.git
    cd vala

2. Create/Modify input.file

    Create/Modify a text file (e.g., `input.txt`) with the following format:
    - Each line should contain exactly three integers separated by spaces.
    - The first two integers represent the numbers for which multiples are to be found.
    - The third integer represents the goal number.
    Example `input.txt` already exists in `vala` folder. 

3. Run the program:

    python multiples_of_a_and_b.py input.txt output.txt

# Expected results

    Given the following `input.txt`:
    3 5 10
    2 4 20

    Run the Program:
    python multiples_of_a_and_b.py input.txt output.txt

    Will produce the following `output.txt`:
    10:3 5 6 9
    20:2 4 6 8 10 12 14 16 18

# How to Run the Tests

    Navigate to the `tests` directory:
    cd tests

    Using `unittest`:
    python -m unittest .\test_multiples_of_a_and_b.py

    OR using `pytest`: (Install `pytest` if not already installed: `pip install pytest`)
    pytest .\test_multiples_of_a_and_b.py